Balls hanging low while I pop a bottle off a yacht
Chain swinging cling clang and it cost a lot
Bitch I’m always after guallla yeah and you are not
Bad ass B keep on going till you hit the spot
Woah
I’m a big bag hunter with the bow
She a got a big bad dumper drop it low
Momma called me and she happy with the growth
Never ever fold for a thottie that’s an oath
Just popped her kidney
I bought a million options of the stock
And I stopped doing the green
Man I rock arenas
Bringing the peace I’m bumpin that Pac
In the car pretending I got all the eyes on me
Got a bad baby and she’s independent
Too many people older than me that’s seeking attention
When they warned me bout the goofies man I shoulda listened
And the smell of the money my strangest addiction
She tip for dick
I let her lick
I had to dip
I’m off a 5th
Am I rich now?
I bought a whip
I paint it pink
It drive itself
The fuck you think?
Yeah I'm rich now
Hey little mamma, yeah you heard about me?
I’ma pop you like a pea, yeah, edamame
Yeah, I feel so hot like I’m chilling on the beach
Yeah, baby in the sunny like the Teletubbies
Balls hanging low while I pop a bottle off a yacht
Chain swinging cling clang and it cost a lot
Bitch im always after guallla yeah and you are not
Bad ass B keep on going till you hit the spot
Woah
I’m a big bag hunter with the bow
She a got a big bad dumper drop it low
Momma called me and she happy with the growth
Never ever fold for a thottie that’s an oath
I’ve been in the club and taking shots
If you got your mask off in the photo you getting cropped
Hoppin’ out the function the CVS is like a block away
Bought a moisturizer my ice cold it’s drying my face
Don’t need that VVS, my ice is fake, your life is fake
I choose to do it for my pocket’s sake
You basing your opinions on what the major says
I renovate the bad energy I erase
Yeah
I don’t really ever wanna talk talk talk talk
Only really ever want the top top top
Guess I’m going back to the sock sock sock
Least this money never really stop stop stop stop
Hey little mamma, yeah you heard about me?
I’ma pop you like a pea, yeah, edamame
Yeah, I feel so hot like I’m chilling on the beach
Yeah, baby in the sun like the Teletubbies
Balls hanging low while I pop a bottle off a yacht
Chain swinging cling clang and it cost a lot
Bitch I’m always after guallla yeah and you are not
Bad ass B keep on going till you hit the spot
Woah
I’m a big bag hunter with the bow
She a got a big bad dumper drop it low
Momma called me and she happy with the growth
Never ever fold for a thottie that’s an oath